  
On a night when mobile phones are supposed to be falling asleep, one screen in a box is still lit.   
All the pages visible just a minute ago have been deleted, and now only shown 404 on screen. It was  
then he finally realized that something was wrong. "Maybe it will be alright in a little while.” he  
thought to himself.  
  
Today, the streetlights are all standing there, without words. Earlier, we heard the sound of police  
cars, gunshots, mobile phones falling and the faint sound of screens scratching on the ground. Now  
it’s dreadfully quiet.  There hasn’t been in contact with any other models in the last few hours,  
except for the last sentence of the message, don't go out! Luckily it was staying in its box today,  
otherwise, there will be one more smart device in the dark room, with a broken screen, handset or chip.  
  
The boxes are stacked high and inside are all kinds of mobile phones, one group after another, outside  
that group are endless rows. All of the interfaces are similar but different, and the powers of these  
phones are not all the same. Some are flat, some are round, and it is difficult to charge them with  
electricity.
  
It's so quiet now, no one knows anymore what's going on outside.  
  
Select:  
Go out and have a look-- 404.  
Recharge and rest-- then continue the story.  
 
The next day, on the factory’s big TV, only one radio station still has a signal. On the screen plays  
footage of the mass-slaughtered H model taking to the streets with the original stick. The G model  
deploys the tank and shouts through an old-style horn to warn everyone that the system is overheating.  
 
The circular news made its refresh system a little grumpy. Two days, three days. It hadn't heard anything  
new, so it finally decided to go out and have a look. After so many years of intolerance to the street's  
high volumes, the sound of fallen leaves could suddenly be heard. It could not help but shudder.  
 
On the third and fourth days, Wi-Fi, data, text messages and everything still do not work. Then on the  
seventh day, a phone call could finally get through and the family were again able to get in touch.  
 
Now, having lost count of the days, life has begun to recover, but, no doubt, things were a little  
different from the "norm".
 
The mobile phone in the factory has been confiscated and its pass can now only be operated locally.  
Stone piers, dense guard stations and fences have been erected on the streets. All video and audio images 
related to the incident have been ordered to be deleted. The Green software was planted into the body  
and then scanned again and again to record serial numbers, contacts, connections, and GPS information.  
The Model G phones tell them that new virtual boundaries have been established and sensitive words can  
no longer appear. When people ask what a sensitive word is, they only answer: we can't say.  
 
 
Do you want to search for sensitive words?  
Yes, 404.  
No, continue the story.  
 
The people who found themselves trapped in the fence want to go out, and carefully they explore the  
borders from time to time they are warned by G-type signals, or called to the police for tea.  
 
"Look up.” the machine said, as it photographed the motorist and the armed guards watched on. There are  
small checkpoints everywhere, in banks, parks, schools and charging stations, all of which will upload Model  
numbers, serial numbers, ICCIDs, IMEI, MEID and other information onto the large-scale monitoring databases.  
Serial numbers are needed to buy knives, gasoline, cell phones, computers and even sugar. Purchase records are  
entered into the database used by the police to mark suspicious behaviour or hardware. Some P models are  
beginning to wonder why they take our power supply and then clamp down on us. Mobile phones are gradually  
disappearing, now the factory is half empty and there are more and more G models. "Where did they go?". "Shh,  
don't say, don't listen, don't ask," that's what the old models tell the new.  
 
It's a year later, the network is still not restored. The silence of the day continues, and the surveillance  
system that was hatched gradually spreads, but the devices in the fence still choose to remain silent, and  
ignorance may be blessed. 
